Hello.
Welcome.
This lecture I want to provide a solution to our previous challenge which was implementing the bridge
design pattern for a shape interface type thing.
We wanted to separate the shape hierarchy from the color hierarchy.
It was all a mess.
Everything was untangled.
So what we're gonna do is we're going to create a new anthology project and we're going to separate
the shape of abstraction from the color implement or it's going to say create new project we're gonna
name this bridge solution
bread solution so the end result of this implementation is going to include an abstraction specific
in an implement or specific method to represent the power and usefulness of the bridge pattern.
We're gonna be able to draw a triangle in Iraq tangle with a particular color with the implement our
specific method draw shape we'll be able to change the thickness of any of the border by the after abstraction
specific method modify border first thing we're going to do is we're going to create the bridge implement
an interface which is the color interface we're then going to follow that up by creating the concrete
bridge implement or classes that implement the color interface green color red color will then create
the abstraction layer the abstraction class shape using the color interface so we'll have a composition
has a relationship will then create some refined bridges or refined abstractions where that will be
the concrete classes implementing the shape interface to triangle and the rectangle and then the last
step our client will use the shape and the color interfaces draw different colored shapes.
So let's start off by creating the bridge implementer.
So we're gonna say new class and this is gonna be our color interface
it's gonna be an interface and all this is gonna have as one method.
Void fill with color that takes a border.
And again this represents the bridge implementer the implementer side of the hierarchy.
We then need to implement this with a couple of colors.
So we're gonna create a red class red color that implements our color interface.
And all this is gonna do is it's gonna output some information saying that we just filled in a shape
with red color and a certain border.
So we'll say public void fill with color in order and then we'll put some information
saying red color
with certain border
and that will be H.
Border
we're gonna do pretty much the same thing for our green color.
So we'll do some copy and pasting.
We need to have a different name for the class.
So we'll say green color in two months the same interface.
So the output is gonna be green color.
So this will be our separation from our abstraction using our Interpol implement our color.
Now we can modify this without having to worry about modifying the abstraction.
We now need to create the abstraction which will name shape and this will be an abstract class so we'll
name a shape.
So we'll be our abstract class shape.
And it needs to have composition of the implement or so we're gonna say protected color interface color
and we're also going to have our constructor set that member variable so protected.
Shape color interface.
See we're just going to say this dark color equals C..
We'll have a couple more methods that will be embedded in the subclasses the shape classes.
One is abstract void draw shape with the border and the other is modify border and the draw shape will
need to use the implementer classes.
So modify border and border int increment.
We then need to have our refined abstractions which would be our triangle and our rectangle triangle
is going to extend our AB class shape.
We'll just say extends Shape and we're going to need to have a constructor to set the triangle.
That's passed in with a color.
So we'll just call super on that and pass in the color.
We then need to override our two methods.
This is our implements or specific method here.
Void draw shape takes a border.
And this is going to help with some information saying this triangle is colored with and that will be
colored with our color fill fill with color and we'll pass on the border off to do the same for our
apps.
Then this then we're going to implement our abstractions specific method which is our modify
modify border which takes a border in an increment.
And this is gonna display some information
at a line feed.
We'll say now we are changing the border length
and we'll display the increment and the times
and see that
and then what we'll do is we'll make sure our parentheses are closed for the Colts I should say.
And then we'll set the border equal to the border.
Times the increment and then we'll call draw a shape which we'll call our fill with border and we'll
make sure that we provide some comments here.
This is the implementer specific method.
And this is our abstraction specific method.
And so that is our triangle class we're gonna have to do something very very similar for our rectangle
so we'll do some copy and paste here for efficiency.
So our demo doesn't run for 30 minutes.
It's a rectangle the constructor will change the rectangle so still going to call super on it redraw
shape is going to do the same thing except that's going to say this rectangle
and the modified border is going to be the same as well.
Now we need to create our client so we'll say new class client at our public static void method.
And what we want to do here is first we're gonna just specify that it's the bit bridge pattern for this
output.
So we'll just do a simple system thought out for his pattern here again then I'm gonna color the green
for the triangle.
So we're gonna say coloring triangle
to green.
And what we're gonna do is we're gonna create a color interface the name Green and that's gonna be a
new green color.
We'll then create our shape for our triangle shape.
And we're gonna pass on this color which is green.
Then we can tell the draw so we can see triangle shape that draw shape and we can pass it into a border
which will just be 20 and then we want to modify the border by calling the abstraction so we can see
triangle shape that modify border we'll say incremented by three something like that.
So you can see how the abstraction layer is separate from the matter layer and you can modify both without
affecting the other.
We'll do another similar thing or we'll call it the rectangle the red
with some of the same type of code.
So we have our color interface red create that first.
We then pass that into our rectangle shape and we call draw shape.
We don't want to modify the border again we'll say rectangle shape that modify border and we'll pass
and 50 and two.
And so this should demonstrate the separation between the abstraction and the implementer.
Let's see if we slow build
now let's see if this run
so what you should see is output is that we were coloring a triangle right.
We're coloring.
Triangle this triangles colored with green color with a 20 inch border and then we're changing a border
to three times the length.
And so now we're calling it with a 60 inch.
We then call the rectangle with a 50 inch border.
We change it by two times and it's 100 probably can make this output a little more readable by having
certain new lines.
But this is the bridge pattern.
If you have any questions again please ask in the Q and A thank you.